what's going on guys it's Chris I said I
wasn't gonna do too many call duty
videos about all these little leaks and
reveals and stuff but I couldn't resist
this because I am a huge fan of Kevin
Spacey and the house of cards show just
a little rant real quick if you haven't
watched house of cards on Netflix you
have to watch this show it's literally
one of my absolute favorite shows and
it's only two seasons deep it's
incredible it's amazing and Kevin
Spacey's character is absolutely
phenomenal so today on Instagram just a
few minutes ago on the official call of
duty Instagram there was a teaser video
that featured Kevin Spacey's voice he
was kind of talking like his character
Frank Underwood in house of cards and
gamespot is now reporting that Kevin
Spacey is actually confirmed to be
playing a part in the actual game think
about that for a second Kevin effin
Spacey is gonna play a part in this next
call of duty game I'll tell you what
that excites me a lot of these teasers
and all this stuff is meant to hype up
the game and get people excited and
sometimes it's like a you know all right
yeah I guess I'll check out the next
call ed game whatever but Kevin effin
spacey i'm hype about this i'm very very
excited about this so let me know what
you guys think about this in the
comments section below Kevin Spacey
going to be appearing in call of duty in
2014 we'll probably get a lot more info
on Sunday when the actual full game
reveal happens but in the meantime all
these little leaks and these little
hints are our get me get me pretty
excited oh yeah i've talked about call
duty before and how you know ghosts kind
of let me down and i know a lot of Call
of Duty gamers have kind of been been
swaying a little bit teetering on either
side of the franchise some love it some
hate it but I don't know I can't lie i'm
pretty excited about this hopefully this
this means some great stuff or call duty
in the future kevin spacey call duty
2014 more info on sunday that's going to
do it thank you guys for watching leave
a thumbs up on this video and I'll see
you soon